Add git lfs content (#255)
githubtraining/training-manual: docs/25_git_lfs.md

1. Verify that the installation was successful:

    ```sh
    $ git lfs install
    > Git LFS initialized.
    ```

#### Windows

1. Navigate to [git-lfs.github.com](https://git-lfs.github.com/) and click **Download**.

   > Tip: For more information about alternative ways to install Git LFS for Windows, see this [Getting started guide](https://github.com/github/git-lfs#getting-started).

1. On your computer, locate the downloaded file.
1. Double click on the file called _git-lfs-windows-1.X.X.exe_, where 1.X.X is replaced with the Git LFS version you downloaded. When you open this file Windows will run a setup wizard to install Git LFS.
1. Open Git Bash.
1. Verify that the installation was successful:

```sh
$ git lfs install
> Git LFS initialized.
```

## Tracking files with Git LFS

Before we tell Git LFS what files to track, we should identify what files are taking up the most space in our repository.

### Activity: Exploring the repository files

1. Open your command line application.
1. Change your current working directory to the `lfs-example` repository.
1. Run `git lfs migrate info`, your output should look similar to:

    ```sh

>     migrate: Fetching remote refs: ..., done.                               migrate: Sorting commits: ..., done.

Reviewer: ugh why does this line look weird, it looks fine in my vscode after I fix the tab issues for the linter

Author: think i fixed it

## Git LFS (Large File Storage)

> While Git is a great version control system when used for non-binary files, it can sometimes struggle with binary files. One of the best ways to store binary files with the rest of your repository files is by using Git Large File Storage (LFS). Git LFS replaces large files such as audio samples, videos, datasets, and graphics with text pointers inside Git, while storing the file contents on a remote server like GitHub.com or GitHub Enterprise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While Git is a great version control system when used for non-binary files, it can sometimes struggle with binary files. One of the best ways to store binary files with the rest of your repository files is by using Git Large File Storage (LFS). Git LFS replaces large files such as audio samples, videos, datasets, and graphics with a SHA-256 hash pointer known as OID, short for Object ID inside Git, while storing the file contents on a remote server like GitHub.com or GitHub Enterprise.
```

1. Open your command line application.
1. Change your current working directory to the `lfs-example` repository.
1. Run `git lfs migrate info`, your output should look similar to:

    ```sh
    migrate: Fetching remote refs: ..., done.
    migrate: Sorting commits: ..., done.
    migrate: Examining commits: 100% (0/0), done.
    ```

    By default, `git lfs migrate info` only displays files that don't exist within commits on the remote repository.

1. Run `git lfs migrate info --everything`, your output should look similar to:

    ```sh
    migrate: Sorting commits: ..., done.
    migrate: Examining commits: 100% (8/8), done.
    *.dmg 18 MB  1/1 files(s) 100%
    *.md  6.4 KB 10/10 files(s) 100%
    *.html 2.5 KB 4/4 files(s) 100%
    ```

> Note: If we only wanted to include files above a specific size, we could modify the previous command with `--above=1mb`

Now that we have identified the file that needs to be tracked with Git LFS it is time to import it into Git LFS and automatically fix the existing history of the project.

### Activity: Migrating the file to Git LFS

1. In your command line application run, `git lfs migrate import --everything --include="*.dmg"`.

>     This is going to modify the history of the project to include the object that is now tracked in Git LFS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This is going to modify the history of the project to include the object that is now tracked in Git LFS.
    
> Note: You can also migrate files without modifying the existing history of your repository by passing an additional attribute `--no-rewrite`.

eg. 

```bash
$ git lfs migrate import --no-rewrite test.zip *.mp3 *.psd
```

```
